soaring tortoise electronics this is the
double agas fuzz that is correct it is
made from one hundred percent recycled
materials check it man this used to be
like a DVD player and this was on an old
a realistic mixing console even the
jacks came out of like old mixers anyway
just really freaking cool these are feet
off of something but now they're you
know Goodyear rockin wheels absolutely
easiest battery replacement in the world
of course and it's set up to be like a
little hot rod kind of like what would
you call like a Cub Scouts Pinewood
Derby pedal of sorts maybe I don't know
you got a little racer in there see that
little Jimmie Johnson six-time fuzz
champion he's ready to go and if you
turn his head a little bit you've
actually got a trim pot this guy right
here is a pot what other things the
transistors they are germanium
transistors and he got him out of an old
Admiral console stereo if you can
believe that and it's a pair of toshiba
to SB 4 15 PNP transistors and yeah if
you can say that six times fast then man
you should get a job talking for a
living okay I'm not talking time for
rockin we got the RS guitar works tele
of love that's right it's a slab and
we've got the doctors en 12 set up clean
and wimpy so that we can get crazy with
this pedal hmm here comes
Oh
in the bay
mmm
you
supremely bitchin man a bitch
everybody's going to go out now and try
and find some old Admiral console
stereos good lord those pnp what were
they toshiba to SB 415 pnp transistors
yeah those are toshiba rock and ass rock
transistors very cool man I just loved
it I loved the little trim pot here's
all kind of stuff you could do with that
and it's even up on the top like a
little guy see it's a little guy race in
there you see that man come on if this
ain't the coolest thing that you've seen
in a long time and you must see really
cool stuff very often yeah I love it
speechless dude really